A child from Baba's family has asked a question.
After death, should the body be donated to a doctor, or should it be given to Agni, or should it be buried in the ground?
This is a very good question.
After death, there is no existence of the body.
This is the truth.
But after death, if the body is cremated,
That is also not considered right.
In such a situation, if you have to donate, then do it while you are alive.
After death, everything becomes late.
What will you do while you are alive?
Someone asked Baba, Baba said, Child, what is called Netra Daan?
To give the eyes to someone else.
It is not necessary that you donate your eyes.
If you have the ability, consult a doctor.
If a blind person needs medicine or has an eye problem, get it treated.
This is also a donation of the eyes.
Similarly, you can donate any organ of the body.
In our Sanatan culture, donation is very important.
In the past, people have donated.
Our great sage, Dadhichi Rishi, who donated his ashes, there is such a description in the scriptures.
He said, when I become Samadhi, my body,
I will become Brahman.
Take away the flesh from the body, take away the ashes and make a bhajra out of it.
Give it to Indra and give him the boon of Vritrashtra.
So, there is a way to donate the body.
You can donate the whole body, but with knowledge, not without knowledge.
You can meditate a little,
Be determined.
And like a wise man, if you attain God and your body becomes useful to someone, then that is good because every living being's body becomes useful.
There are beautiful birds, people pick their feathers and put them in their houses, in their ponds, some even in their foreheads.
Even Lord Krishna has put Mayur Pankh on his head.
The skin and bones of all our animals are useful.
Some people even eat the flesh.
the world.
In such a situation, if someone is in need, they can donate their eyes and other essential organs.
There is nothing to worry about.
Many people have said that it is not good for the body to be damaged.
I agree with them.
When it is physical, and it has to be destroyed, then if it comes in someone's use, then it is the best.
I consider this to be good.
Paapaya Parpeedanam.
This is the best and the best of good deeds.
That through you, someone else can see, hear, speak, live a little life.
You have already left.
Give a smile to someone else and leave.
Give a look to someone else and leave.
Then it will feel very good.
Guru's blessings.
Radhe Radhe.